[birds chirping]
[mouse droid beeping]
[bell chimes]
[sighs]
Hello.
I'm Omega.
I'm Eva.
What's that?
A game. They want us to play them.
I like your doll.
Dr. Karr gave it to me.
She's the only nice one.
Are they always watching?
Yeah. The droids too.
That's Jax, Sami, and Bayrn.
This is Omega.
How long have you all been here?
[coos]
They don't like it
when we talk to each other so much.
And if you cause problems,
things only get worse.
[sighs]
Come on, Sami.
Don't worry. You'll get used to it.
[sighs] Where in the blasted galaxy
did that pirate abandon us?
And why are you keeping me here?
You'd prefer we take you back
to that Imperial labor camp instead?
[sighs] We had a deal.
I already told you
what I know about Tantiss.
You'll get your freedom when we get
the exact coordinates to that base.
[ship approaching]
Nice work.
A stolen shuttle is the best I could do
on short notice.
The supplies we need are aboard.
You really think we can trust
that hydrosnake?
[Rampart scoffs] I can hear you.
No, but he's our best chance
at finding Omega.
[Wrecker] Now, start talking.
Oh, how many times
do I have to explain it?
Hemlock put safeguards in place
to keep his base's location a secret.
But you've been there before?
Any ship going there must first dock
at Imperial Station 003,
in orbit over Coruscant,
where the coordinates are transmitted
directly to the navicomputer.
Well, his intel about the orbital station
checks out.
But I can't confirm the rest of his story.
[scoffs] Do you think I'm lying?
-Yeah.
-Yes.
Once we reach the station,
we can find a ship departing for Tantiss
and pull the coordinates.
We're going to need
Imperial clearance codes.
Got that covered.
[chuckles] Unlikely.
Those codes change every rotation.
Which is why we're not waiting around.
[chuckles] Even with a stolen shuttle
and clearance codes,
you can't expect to walk onto
an Imperial station completely unnoticed.
But you can.
And we'll be your security detail.
-You just walk us right onto the station.
-[Rampart grunts]
You cannot be serious.
You were an Imperial before.
Impersonating one should be easy enough.
I can't wear this.
It's a captain's uniform.
I was a vice admiral.
Well, you've been demoted.
[sighs] I hate clones.
It's time for your sample, Omega.
[device clicks]
The other kids. Where did they come from?
I don't know.
But they are well looked after here.
I'd like to believe you.
Letting Omega intermingle
with the specimens is unwise.
They're engaging in the activities
I've provided to keep their minds active.
Besides, they are under our watchful eye.
That didn't stop her from causing problems
in the past.
I'm the chief scientist.
I will run the vault as I see fit.
How often do the droids take our vitals?
Twice a day. After meals.
What about the troopers?
Do they ever come in here?
Only when we cause trouble.
Jax tried to escape once,
but he didn't get very far.
There's no way outta here.
[sighs] We're never going home.
[coos]
Want to know a secret?
I escaped from this mountain before.
Really?
[gasps] How?
I had training.
And I wasn't alone.
Know what else?
I'm doing it again,
and I'm taking you all with me.
[coos]
Look.
It's a layout of the vault.
This is where we're sitting right now.
These are the walls.
These are the tubes in the walls
the droids use to transport our samples.
I need to get inside
and see where they go.
Only the droids can access those hatches.
-[Omega] I can get them open.
-[coos]
I just need them not to see me.
Won't take them long
to notice you're missing.
That's okay. I like a challenge.
[Hunter] We're approaching Coruscant.
[Echo] All the armor's been stripped.
But we're still not gonna blend in.
You really think
Rampart can pull this off?
[clears throat, coughs] I beg your pardon.
I didn't just make it to vice admiral
on looks alone.
[console beeps]
[Imperial technician on comm] Rho-class
shuttle, we have you on approach.
Please identify.
[Echo] This is transport shuttle Alpha-44.
Transmitting landing codes.
[console beeping]
[Imperial technician] You're clear
to land at docking bay 5-tac-02.
-[Rampart sighs]
-We can't stay docked for long.
This shuttle's
bound to be reported missing soon.
Assuming we're not captured
or killed during this little mission,
what assurances do I have
that you'll let me go?
You're going to have to trust us.
Just like we have to trust you.
So don't mess this up.
Hmm. Mess this up?
I know how to carry myself.
You're the ones that are gonna stand out
like overheated Gamorreans.
The Empire betrayed and imprisoned you.
We broke you out.
Remember that
before you try and betray us.
I'm here, aren't I?
Let's get this over with.
Wrecker, stay on the ship
and monitor comms.
Who is responsible for this vessel?
It is not on my docking manifest
for today.
[device beeps]
What division are you with?
These uniforms are not regulation.
I asked you a question, trooper.
Step aside.
My division. And my orders are classified.
If you have an issue with that,
Lieutenant,
then contact Governor Tarkin.
Uh, y-yes, sir.
Now, carry on.
Uh, yes. S-Sorry, sir.
[door slides open]
I've missed this.
Shall we?
[droid beeping]
[beeping]
[comms chatter]
[droid whirs]
The control room is up ahead.
We can access the station manifest
from there.
[Echo] Just do your thing
and get us inside. We'll handle the rest.
That's, "Do your thing, sir."
I don't think so.
[comms chatter]
-Troopers, you are relieved.
-Captain?
Report to the barracks.
You'll receive further instructions.
But, sir, we just started our shift.
Perhaps you'd like to spend
a few rotations in the brig
for violating Article 15
of Imperial standing order 10?
No, sir.
Sir?
You, show me the station manifest.
I will need your access card, Captain.
[grunts]
You. Front and center.
Where is your captain?
Uh, captaining.
Yes, well, there is an inconsistency
with this shuttle's base of origin.
I will need you to verify
your vessel's signature key.
Um, sure thing, boss. Right this way.
[lieutenant grunts]
This is taking far too long.
Can you crack the encryption or not?
I'm working on it.
[grunts]
[Wrecker on comm] Hunter,
I had to sideline an Imperial.
Someone might come looking for him.
[Hunter] Copy that.
Have the shuttle ready to go.
[console beeping]
I'm in.
A science vessel docked in Bay 8
is set to depart for Tantiss, and soon.
Let's get to that navicomputer
and pull the coordinates.
We can't. The vessel is tagged
for direct uplink after it launches.
[Crosshair] Which means
there's no way to get the coordinates.
Did that slip your mind?
You expect me to know
technical details like that?
[Hunter]
Then there's only one option left.
We can't extract those coordinates.
But that vessel is heading to Tantiss.
-That's our way in.
-What?
It's the only chance we have of finding
Omega and freeing those clone prisoners.
[sighs] Science vessels have
heightened security protocols.
There's no way
you can all sneak aboard undetected.
But I can.
[Crosshair] You can't go alone.
He's not.
Once you're aboard, find a way
to disable the proximity sensors.
We'll follow behind,
then attach our shuttle to the hull
and hitch a ride directly to Tantiss.
Now, wait just a minute.
This is not the plan I agreed to.
Plans change.
[Hunter] They'll monitor comms.
So, we'll have to go radio silent.
Watch your back.
Wonderful. We're all going to die.
[cooing]
[clattering]
Hello, Dr. Scalder.
Is something wrong?
Hmm.
[sighs]
-Well?
-Did it work?
Uh-huh.
What did you find?
Our way out.
[datapad beeps]
[droid beeping]
[beeps]
[beeping continues]
[droid shrieking]
-[button clicks]
-[motor whirs]
Initiate launch sequence.
[Imperial pilot] Yes, sir.
'Bout time.
[Echo on comm]
Hunter, I'm inside the ship.
It's launching right now.
Get those sensors disabled.
We need to move.
[console whirs]
[console beeping]
Sir, picking up unscheduled droid activity
in the cargo hold.
Get eyes on it.
-[Wrecker] What are you waiting for?
-[console beeping]
The proximity sensors
haven't been deactivated yet.
This isn't going to work. Their proximity
sensors will detect us and shoot us down.
Relax. Echo's on it.
[lieutenant] Report.
We don't have time for more delays.
[Echo on comm] All clear.
It must have been a malfunction, sir.
-Proceed.
-[ship powers up]
[beeping continues]
They're about to jump.
Echo will come through.
He just needs more time.
Which we don't have.
He's probably been captured.
Abort the mission.
[beeping continues]
Negative.
[grunts]
[beeping continues]
[beeping stops]